Update index to include link to Marketing DLS (#4945)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/design/marketing-dls.md

- The marketing DLS has a single complete palette, based on our core brand colors.
  - They can be found on the [Colors page](https://www.figma.com/file/o1QRtdQI0ozKq0n7ATrKlx/Marketing-DLS?node-id=18%3A101)

> - For details on how to use these colors semantically, reference the [Colors section](./brand_guidelines/color/#sts=Primary%20colors) of our Brand Guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For details on how to use these colors semantically, reference the [Colors section](./brand_guidelines/color.md) of our Brand Guidelines.
```

Spacing:

- The marketing DLS uses an 8-point scale and adheres to Tailwind's standard for vertical and horizontal spacing. View the [spacing scale](https://www.figma.com/file/o1QRtdQI0ozKq0n7ATrKlx/Marketing-DLS?node-id=7649%3A36393) and examples of [best practices](https://www.figma.com/file/o1QRtdQI0ozKq0n7ATrKlx/Marketing-DLS?node-id=7648%3A55611) in the DLS Spacing section.

## Using Figma

> If you're new to using Figma, there are some instructions and tips in [using figma](./wildcard_design_system/using-figma/#sts=Using%20Figma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to using Figma, there are some instructions and tips in [using figma](./wildcard_design_system/using-figma.md).
```
